# Hardware Emulator



## Overview
This project allows to run **EmbeddedMontiArc** models and let them communicate with the MontiSim simulation. It allows the time evaluation of the model execution using a parametric computer model. The *Hardware Emulator* can execute multiple models independently of each other.



## Building
The project contains a **C++ CMake project** and a **Maven project**. 
The C++ project contains the logic of the Hardware Emulator.
The Maven project takes this C++ library and wraps it in a Jar alongside its Java Interfaces. The resulting Jar is avaiable as dependency in the **nexus**.

## C++ Project
To compile the C++ project (under the [hardware_emulator](hardware_emulator) folder), use the `build_emulator` script for your system (located in the [scripts](scripts) folder).

> For Visual Studio, the script has to be started inside the Visual Studio **Developer Command Prompt**.
> 
> With Visual Studio, the library can also be compiled directly from within the Visual Studio project generated by CMake (in the `build` folder).

The `build_emulator` script will directly install the compiled library inside the [resources](src/main/resources) folder of the Maven project.

_**NOTE:** Any changes to the C++ project **MUST** be compiled and installed under both **Linux and Windows** before being merged into the Master branch so that both updated versions are included in the maven artifact._

## Maven Project

Simply use the `mvn install` command in the main directory to compile the maven project. 

> The project uses the [LibraryService](https://git.rwth-aachen.de/monticore/EmbeddedMontiArc/simulators/commons/blob/master/src/main/java/commons/utils/LibraryService.java) system to make libraries stored inside the jar resources available at runtime (depending on the system).

## C++ dependencies

The libraries required by the C++ project are pre-compiled under [hardware_emulator/libs](hardware_emulator/libs). They can be recompiled using the `build_dependencies` scripts.

> *(For MinGW, the [Unicorn](unicorn) library has to be compiled under MSYS.)*


## Test

The `hardware-emulator-test` can be executed in the hardware_emulator/bin folder locally to test the emulation of sample programs and a basic autopilot emulation.


## Usage

To use the Hardware Emulator inside another Maven project add the following dependency to the `pom.xml`:
```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>montisim</groupId>
    <artifactId>hardware_emulator</artifactId>
    <version>${montisim.hardware_emulator.version}</version>
</dependency>
```
Where `montisim.hardware_emulator.version` specifies the artifact version.

The interface to use the Hardware Emulator is [HardwareEmulatorInterface.java](src/main/java/de/rwth_aachen/git/monticore/EmbeddedMontiArc/simulators/hardware_emulator/HardwareEmulatorInterface.java)

> **NOTE**: The Hardware Emulator is currently used by the [RMIModelServer](https://git.rwth-aachen.de/monticore/EmbeddedMontiArc/simulators/RMIModelServer) to start models on seperate machines using RMI (Remote Method Invocation).
>
> It is also used by the [basic-simulator](https://git.rwth-aachen.de/monticore/EmbeddedMontiArc/simulators/basic-simulator) directly.
